https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-25331 (#8405)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_manage_argocd_applicationset.adoc

        automated: {}
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f applicationset-example.yaml
----

.. The `ApplicationSet` gets created in the `appset-2`  namespace on the hub cluster.
.. The `Application` resources get deployed to the `appset-2` namespace on the managed clusters.
.. The `Application` deploys its workloads to the `Helloworld` namespace on the managed clusters.
.. The default `ArgoCD` `AppProject` configuration gets applied
.. All the `Application` resources defined in the specified path of the Github repository are not namespace specific. 

[#deploy-advanced-configuration]
== Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ for advanced configurations

If you have support for role-based access control (RBAC), then you have the option to deploy the `ApplicationSet` for advanced configurations.

You can deploy the `ApplicationSet` for advanced configurations with more RBAC management, giving you the following benefits:

* The `Application` workload namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources 
* The destination of the workload namespace that is specified in the `ApplicationSet` matches the GitHub repository  

> * The `ApplicationSet` uses the `ArgoCD` `AppProject`` for RBAC control 

Reviewer: The `ApplicationSet` uses the `ArgoCD` `AppProject`` for RBAC control 
===>
The `ApplicationSet` uses the  custom `ArgoCD` `AppProject` for RBAC control

[#mangage-gitops-argocd-applicationset]

> = Managing the _ArgoCD_ _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace 

Reviewer: Managing the _ArgoCD_ _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace
=====>
Managing the _ArgoCD_ _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace for ArgoCD pull model

It is basically for pull model

[#install-gitops-operator]
==  Installing the {gitops-short} operator 

Before you can manage the `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` resources, you must install the {gitops-short} operator and register all ACM managed clusters. Complete the following steps:  

. On your hub cluster, install the {gitops-short} operator with the default `ArgoCD` instance in the default `openshift-gitops` namespace. 
. Register all {acm-short} managed clusters by creating a `gitopsCluster` custom resource referring to a `Placement` for selecting all non local-cluster managed clusters, by adding the following YAML: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml

> ----

Reviewer 2: Do we really need this step? It looks redundant here. @jc-berger 
This GitOpsCluster CR will be created afterward in the doc later after hub application pod instance restarted.
cc @xiangjingli

Reviewer: Yeah, we already have a section to explain how to register managed clusters. we can simply add a link here

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.14/html/gitops/gitops-overview#gitops-register

Author: @fmt47 thanks for your input. The last Gitops PR, Brandi insisted we have a separate step to run a separate command for users to apply the YAML. I don't think this PR will get merged unless we keep it. 

Do you recommend a different command or method for applying the YAML. 

@xiangjingli we don't want to link to another doc in the middle of the procedure. I can link to this doc you shared as a prereq if you want? But I'm not sure if registering the ACM clusters is a prereq. 

What are your thoughts? If we keep this command, do you want me to change it if you think it seems unhelpful?

Reviewer 3: would keep it

kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: all-openshift-clusters
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  tolerations:
  - key: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/unreachable
    operator: Exists
  - key: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/unavailable
    operator: Exists
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchExpressions:
        - key: vendor
          operator: "In"
          values:
          - OpenShift
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f placement-example.yaml
----

. Create the `GitOpsCluster` with the `gitopsAddon` specification by adding the following YAML sample: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
  gitopsAddon:
    enabled: true
    overrideExistingConfigs: true
    reconcileScope: All-Namespaces
----

> .. The `GitOpsCluster.gitopsAddon.enabled` value is set to true. 

Author: @xiangjingli and/or @dtthuynh do y'all think we need these sub-bullets? Or should we remove? I like giving context to users, but it seems like we're just making a point to clarify what the yaml does. that can be find, but just wanted y'all's opinion on how necessary that is for user comprehension :)

Reviewer: Yeah, the two sub-bullets are duplicate and they don't provide additional info. we can remove them

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml
----

. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance restarted and is running on your managed clusters by running the following commands on your managed clusters: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 
----

[#deploy-standard-configuration]
== Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ for standard configurations

You can create your `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` in any custom namespace on your hub cluster. You can deploy your `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` through standard or advanced configurations. 

If you have limited support for role-based access control (RBAC), then you might want to deploy the `ApplicationSet` for standard configurations. 

For simple RBAC management, you have the following benefits: 

* No namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources 
* The destination of the workload namespace is specified in the `Application` template. 
* The `ApplicationSet` uses the default `AppProject`

To deploy the `ApplicationSet` for standard configurations, complete the following steps: 

. In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement` and `AppProject` resource.  

> . Create the `ApplicationSet` in the `appset-2`` namespace with the default `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer: In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement` and `AppProject` resource.  

====>
In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement`.

  - clusterDecisionResource:
      configMapRef: acm-placement
      labelSelector:
        matchLabels:
          cluster.open-cluster-management.io/placement: all-openshift-clusters
      requeueAfterSeconds: 30
  template:
    metadata:
      annotations:
        apps.open-cluster-management.io/ocm-managed-cluster: '{{name}}'
        argocd.argoproj.io/skip-reconcile: "true"
      labels:
        apps.open-cluster-management.io/pull-to-ocm-managed-cluster: "true"
      name: '{{name}}-helloworld'
    spec:
      destination:
        namespace: helloworld                                                          
        server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
      project: default                                                                         
      source:
        path: helloworld                                                                                             
        repoURL: https://github.com/stolostron/application-samples.git                   
        targetRevision: HEAD
      syncPolicy:
        automated: {}
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f applicationset-example.yaml
----

> .. The `ApplicationSet` gets created in the `appset-2`  namespace.

Author: Similar to my above point: do y'all think we need these sub-bullets?

Reviewer: Yes, these sub-bullets are necessary to further clarify the details that are not easy to identify in the yaml

Update these sub-bullets:
... The `ApplicationSet` gets created in the `appset-2`  namespace on the hub cluster
... The `Application` gets created in the `appset-2`  namespace on the managed clusters
.. The `Application` deploys its workloads to the `Helloworld` namespace on the managed clusters.
.. The default `ArgoCD` `AppProject` configuration gets applied
.. All the `Application` workloads defined in the specified path of the Github repository are not namespace specific.

        apps.open-cluster-management.io/pull-to-ocm-managed-cluster: "true"
      name: '{{name}}-bgdk'
    spec:
      destination:
        namespace: bgdk
        server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
      project: bgdk                                                   
      source:
        path: apps/bgd/overlays/bgdk
        repoURL: https://github.com/redhat-developer-demos/openshift-gitops-examples.git
        targetRevision: HEAD
      syncPolicy:
        automated: {}
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f applicationset-example.yaml
----

Your customized `ArgoCD` `AppProject` is created in the  {gitops-short} namespace that includes the following configurations: 

* `sourceNamespaces` is the namespace where the `Application` itself  gets created.
* `sourceRepos` is the repository that the `Application` template uses.
* `destinations` is  the namespace  where the `Application` will deploy its workloads.
* `clusterResourceWhitelist` is a cluster scoped resource list that the `Application` is allowed to deploy. In this scenario, this namespace is mandatory because the `Application` must create a new namespace.

> 

Reviewer: In this scenario, this namespace is mandatory because the `Application` must create a new namespace.
====>
In this scenario, this namespace kind is mandatory because the `Application` must create a new namespace.

Also line 392 - 397 is to explain some details in the created AppProject resource ( yaml in line 316 - 334) It seems better to move this section after line 334 to make them more relevant.

> [#mangage-gitops-argocd-applicationset]

Reviewer 4: I recommend that you shorten the file name. Change  gitops_manage_argocd_applicationset.adoc‎ TO gitops_manage_argocd_appset.adoc‎

The anchor on line 1 is also misspelled (**mangage-gitops....**)

> = Managing the _ArgoCD_ _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace for _ArgoCD_ pull model (Technology Preview)  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
= Managing the Argo CD _ApplicationSet_ resource in any namespace for Argo CD pull model (Technology Preview)  
```

> {acm-short} {product-version} enhances the `ArgoCD` pull model by removing the `openshift-gitops` namespace restriction for the `ApplicationSet` resources.  With this enhancement, you can create `ApplicationSet` resources in any namespace on your hub clusters. 

Reviewer 4: It seems unnecessary to mention the product name because the user is reading the RHACM docs. Saying "RHACM 2.15 enhances the model..." is [anthropomorphism](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism)

It seems like you are trying to describe a previous behavior. I suggest saying something like, "Create and manage `ApplicationSet` resources in any namespace on your hub clusters."

> To fully manage your `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` resources, complete the following sections: 

Reviewer 4: Argo CD does not need to be monospace unless it is a type of resource. It is best to reference Argo CD the same way it is in their stable docs: https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/applicationset/Appset-Any-Namespace/ 

Btw, this link is to the Argo CD "stable" docs
```suggestion
To fully manage your Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resources, complete the following sections: 
```

* <<install-gitops-operator, Installing the {gitops-short} operator>> 
* <<enable-applicationset-hub-cluster, Enabling the _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace on the hub cluster>>
* <<enable-application-managed-cluster, Enabling the _Application_ in any namespace on the managed cluster>>
* <<deploy-standard-configuration, Deploying _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace for standard configurations>>
* <<deploy-advanced-configuration, Deploying _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace for advanced configurations>>

> * <<applicationset-additional-resources, Additional resources>>

Reviewer 4: Needs to be removed to prep for DITA conversion. Please also remove the anchors for your sections
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 4: Reminder to add `.Prerequisites`, and **Required access:**

Author: @dockerymick I added that but asked @xiangjingli to confirm it's correct or necessary. 

Are we now having a "Prereq" and "Required access" for every doc?

[#install-gitops-operator]

> ==  Installing the {gitops-short} operator 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Installing the {gitops-short} operator 
```

> Before you can manage the `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` resources, you must install the {gitops-short} operator and register all ACM managed clusters. Complete the following steps:  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Before you can manage the Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resources, you must install the {gitops-short} operator and register all {acm-short} managed clusters. Complete the following steps:  
```

> . On your hub cluster, install the {gitops-short} operator with the default `ArgoCD` instance in the default `openshift-gitops` namespace. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. On your hub cluster, install the {gitops-short} operator with the default Argo CD instance in the default `openshift-gitops` namespace. 
```

> . Register all {acm-short} managed clusters by creating a `gitopsCluster` custom resource referring to a `Placement` for selecting all non local-cluster managed clusters, by adding the following YAML: 

Reviewer 4: Partial suggestion, but i'm not sure how else to say "non local-cluster managed clusters". We shouldn't say "non" whatever tho. I'm confused on "local-cluster managed clusters " Should it only read managed clusters? 
```suggestion
. Register all {acm-short} managed clusters by creating a `GitOpsCluster` custom resource that refers to a `Placement` specification for selecting all clusters, other than `local-cluster` managed clusters. Add the following YAML file: 
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml
----

[#enable-applicationset-hub-cluster]

> == Enabling the _ApplicationSet_ in any namespace on the hub cluster 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Enabling the _ApplicationSet_ resource in any namespace on the hub cluster 
```

> To enable the `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` in any namespace on your hub cluster, complete the following steps: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To enable the Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resource in any namespace on your hub cluster, complete the following steps: 
```

> . On your command-line interface, clone the Github repository by running the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. From your command-line interface, clone the GitHub repository by running the following command:
```

+
[source,bashl]
----
git clone https://github.com/stolostron/multicloud-integrations
----

> . Go to the Github repository that you cloned by running the following command: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Go to the GitHub repository that you cloned by running the following command: 
```

+
[source,bashl]
----
cd multicloud-integrations/deploy/appset-any-namespace
----

> . Enable the `ApplicationSet` in any namespace by running the following command: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Enable the `ApplicationSet` resource in any namespace by running the following command: 
```

+
[source,bash]
----
 ./setup-appset-any-namespace.sh --namespace openshift-gitops --argocd-name openshift-gitops 
----

. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance restarted and is running on your hub cluster by running the following command on your hub cluster: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 
----

[#enable-application-managed-cluster]

> == Enabling the _Application_ in any namespace on the managed clusters 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Enabling the _Application_ resource in any namespace on the managed clusters 
```

> The {acm-short} {gitops-short} add-on launches a {gitops-short} instance that you can use to enable the `Application` in any namespace on your managed cluster. To enable the `ArgoCD` `Application` in any namespace on the managed clusters, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The {acm-short} {gitops-short} add-on launches a {gitops-short} instance that you can use to enable the `Application` resource in any namespace on your managed cluster. To enable the Argo CD `Application` resource in any namespace on the managed clusters, complete the following steps:
```

. Create a global `ManagedClusterSetBinding` resource by adding the following YAML sample: 

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta2
kind: ManagedClusterSetBinding
metadata:
  name: global
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  clusterSet: global
----

> . Apply  the YAML sample by running the following command: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 
```

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f managedclustersetbinding-example.yaml
----

> . Create a  `Placement` custom resource for selecting the managed clusters where the (gitops-short) add-on gets enabled by adding the following YAML sample:.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Create a `Placement` custom resource for selecting the managed clusters where the (gitops-short) add-on gets enabled. Add the following YAML sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: Placement
metadata:
  name: all-openshift-clusters
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  tolerations:
  - key: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/unreachable
    operator: Exists
  - key: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/unavailable
    operator: Exists
  predicates:
  - requiredClusterSelector:
      labelSelector:
        matchExpressions:
        - key: vendor
          operator: "In"
          values:
          - OpenShift
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f placement-example.yaml
----

> . Create the `GitOpsCluster` with the `gitopsAddon` specification by adding the following YAML sample: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Create the `GitOpsCluster` resource and add the `gitopsAddon` specification. Your YAML might resemble the following YAML sample: 
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: apps.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
kind: GitOpsCluster
metadata:
  name: argo-acm-importer
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  argoServer:
    cluster: notused
    argoNamespace: openshift-gitops
  placementRef:
    kind: Placement
    apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1beta1
    name: all-openshift-clusters
    namespace: openshift-gitops
  gitopsAddon:
    enabled: true
    overrideExistingConfigs: true
    reconcileScope: All-Namespaces
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f gitopscluster-example.yaml
----

> . Verify that the {gitops-short} instance restarted and is running on your managed clusters by running the following commands on your managed clusters: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Verify that the {gitops-short} instance restarted and is running on your managed clusters by running the following command on your managed clusters: 
```

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc get pods -n openshift-gitops 
----

[#deploy-standard-configuration]

> == Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ for standard configurations

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ resource for standard configurations
```

> You can create your `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` in any custom namespace on your hub cluster. You can deploy your `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSet` through standard or advanced configurations. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can create your Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resource in any custom namespace on your hub cluster. Deploy your Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resource through standard or advanced configurations. 
```

If you have limited support for role-based access control (RBAC), then you might want to deploy the `ApplicationSet` for standard configurations. 

For simple RBAC management, you can deploy the `ApplicationSet` for standard configurations, giving you the following benefits: 

> * No namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* No namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources.
```

* The destination of the workload namespace is specified in the `Application` template. 

> * The `ApplicationSet` uses the default `AppProject`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The `ApplicationSet` resource uses the default `AppProject` resource.
```

> To deploy the `ApplicationSet` for standard configurations, complete the following steps: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To deploy the `ApplicationSet` resource for standard configurations, complete the following steps: 
```

> . In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement`.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement` resource.  
```

> . Create the `ApplicationSet` in the `appset-2`` namespace with the default `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 4: Is `AppProject` a resource? I don't see it mentioned in the example

```suggestion
. Create the `ApplicationSet` resource in the `appset-2` namespace with the default `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:
  name: appset-2
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f namespace-example.yaml
----

> . Create the `ApplicationSet` in the `appse-2` namespace with the default `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 4: Same question, is `AppProject` a resource?
```suggestion
. Create the `ApplicationSet` resource in the `appset-2` namespace with the default `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  
```

  - clusterDecisionResource:
      configMapRef: acm-placement
      labelSelector:
        matchLabels:
          cluster.open-cluster-management.io/placement: all-openshift-clusters
      requeueAfterSeconds: 30
  template:
    metadata:
      annotations:
        apps.open-cluster-management.io/ocm-managed-cluster: '{{name}}'
        argocd.argoproj.io/skip-reconcile: "true"
      labels:
        apps.open-cluster-management.io/pull-to-ocm-managed-cluster: "true"
      name: '{{name}}-helloworld'
    spec:
      destination:
        namespace: helloworld                                                          
        server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
      project: default                                                                         
      source:
        path: helloworld                                                                                             
        repoURL: https://github.com/stolostron/application-samples.git                   
        targetRevision: HEAD
      syncPolicy:
        automated: {}
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f applicationset-example.yaml
----

> .. The `ApplicationSet` gets created in the `appset-2`  namespace on the hub cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. The `ApplicationSet` resource gets created in the `appset-2` namespace on the hub cluster.
```

.. The `Application` resources get deployed to the `appset-2` namespace on the managed clusters.
.. The `Application` deploys its workloads to the `Helloworld` namespace on the managed clusters.
.. The default `ArgoCD` `AppProject` configuration gets applied

> .. All the `Application` resources defined in the specified path of the Github repository are not namespace specific. 

Reviewer 4: lines 273-277 seem like descriptions instead of action steps for the user. It seems like you are attempting to describe how the YAML on lines 230-277

Author: @dockerymick correct, Dev and QE reviewers wanted the extra context, and we no longer can use callouts. 

I turned them into bullet points instead of sub steps to remove the implication of users having to run these as actions.

[#deploy-advanced-configuration]

> == Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ for advanced configurations

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Deploying the _ApplicationSet_ resource for advanced configurations
```

> If you have support for role-based access control (RBAC), then you have the option to deploy the `ApplicationSet` for advanced configurations.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you have support for role-based access control (RBAC), then you have the option to deploy the `ApplicationSet` resource for advanced configurations.
```

> You can deploy the `ApplicationSet` for advanced configurations with more RBAC management, giving you the following benefits:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can deploy the `ApplicationSet` resource for advanced configurations with more RBAC management, giving you the following benefits:
```

> * The `Application` workload namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The `Application` resource workload namespaces specified in the GitHub repository resources. 
```

> * The destination of the workload namespace that is specified in the `ApplicationSet` matches the GitHub repository  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The destination of the workload namespace that is specified in the `ApplicationSet` resource matches the GitHub repository.
```

> * The `ApplicationSet` uses the custom `ArgoCD` `AppProject` for RBAC control 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The `ApplicationSet` resource uses the custom Argo CD `AppProject` for RBAC control.
```

> To deploy the `ApplicationSet` for advanced configurations, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To deploy the `ApplicationSet` resource for advanced configurations, complete the following steps:
```

> . In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement`. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the `openshift-gitops` namespace, create a `Placement` resource. 
```

> . Create the `ApplicationSet` in the bgdk namespace with the non-default bgdk `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 4: non-default? Let's use custom instead
```suggestion
. Create the `ApplicationSet` resource in the `bgdk` namespace with the custom `bgdk` `AppProject` by adding the following YAML sample:  
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:
  name: bgdk
----

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f namespace-example.yaml
----

> . Set the non-default bgdk `AppProject` configuration in the {gitops-short} namespace by adding the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 4: same suggestion. Non-default should be custom most likely

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: AppProject
metadata:
  name: bgdk                                                                               
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  sourceNamespaces:
  - bgdk
  sourceRepos:
  - https://github.com/redhat-developer-demos/openshift-gitops-examples.git
  destinations:
  - namespace: bgdk
    server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
  clusterResourceWhitelist:
  - group: ''
    kind: Namespace
----
.. `sourceNamespaces` is the namespace where the `Application` itself  gets created.
.. `sourceRepos` is the repository that the `Application` template uses.
.. `destinations` is  the namespace  where the `Application` will deploy its workloads.

> .. `clusterResourceWhitelist` is a cluster scoped resource list that the `Application` is allowed to deploy. In this scenario, this namespace kind is mandatory because the `Application` must create a new namespace.

Reviewer 4: remove future tense here (will) and these seem like callouts. If you are intending to make substeps, I recommend moving this before the YAML example

. Apply the YAML sample by running the following command: 

+
[source,bashl]
----
oc apply -f appproject-example.yaml
----

> . Apply the customized `ArgoCD` `AppProject` configuration to the `ApplicationSet`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Apply the customized Argo CD `AppProject` configuration to the `ApplicationSet` resource.
```
